CodeQL docs: tidy up 'docs-preparation' branch following pre-migration work (#3146)
Semmle/ql: docs/language/learn-ql/python/ql-for-python.rst

   control-flow
   taint-tracking

-  `Basic Python query <https://lgtm.com/help/lgtm/console/ql-python-basic-example>`__ : Learn to write and run a simple CodeQL query using LGTM.

-  :doc:`CodeQL library for Python <introduce-libraries-python>`: When you need to analyze a Python program, you can make use of the large collection of classes in the CodeQL library for Python.

-  :doc:`Functions in Python <functions>`: You can use syntactic classes from the standard CodeQL library to find Python functions and identify calls to them.

> -  :doc:`Expressions and statements in Python <statements-expressions>`: You can use syntactic classes from the CodeQL library to explore how Python expressions and statements are used in a code base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  :doc:`Expressions and statements in Python <statements-expressions>`: You can use syntactic classes from the CodeQL library to explore how Python expressions and statements are used in a codebase.
```
